fix(css): for sticky value an inset property need to be set (#29737)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/position/index.md

    This value always creates a new [stacking context](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_positioned_layout/Understanding_z-index/Stacking_context). Note that a sticky element "sticks" to its nearest ancestor that has a "scrolling mechanism" (created when `overflow` is `hidden`, `scroll`, `auto`, or `overlay`), even if that ancestor isn't the nearest actually scrolling ancestor.

>     > **Note:** At least one [inset](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/inset) property on the axis in which the element needs to be kept in view needs to have non `auto` value. Otherwise, if both inset properties are `auto` on an axis then the `sticky` value behaves as `relative` on that axis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** At least one the [`inset`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/inset) shorthand property values of {{cssxref("top")}},  {{cssxref("right")}},   {{cssxref("bottom")}},  or {{cssxref("left")}} needs to be set to a none-`auto` value for the axis on which the element needs to stick. If both `inset` properties for an axis are set to `auto`, on that axis the `sticky` value will behave as `relative`.
```

Author: For sake of completeness properties `inset-block-start`, `inset-inline-start`, etc. also need to be considered. I've tweaked your suggestion. Let me know [how it looks](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/29737/commits/be2fea45a929edf311e7fbbde5dd9bbdca40549e).
